Add more accurate desc of redux client-side of config (#153)
godaddy/gasket: packages/gasket-plugin-config/README.md

If you need access to config values in client-side code, this can be done
through your redux store. The config plugin looks for a `redux` property of your
configuration in `app.config.js` and places it under a `config` reducer in your initial redux

> state. Example below appears in `config` reducer in client-side code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration in `app.config.js` and places it under a `config` property in your initial redux
state. Example below can selected from `state.config.url` in client-side code
```
